Explicitly state two proposed chunks (#59)
w3c/ColorWeb-CG: hdr-in-png-requirements.md

## Strawman approach

> Two new PNG chunks are proposed, the `cICP` chunk and the `iCCN` chunk. Both of these new chunks SHALL come before the `IDAT` chunk. The `cICP` chunk acts as a color space label (much like the existing `sRGB` chunk), naming a color space that the viewer should understand. The `iCCN` chunk acts as a color space profile, providing the exact details of the color space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two new PNG chunks are proposed, the `cICP` chunk and the `iCCN` chunk.

The `cICP` chunk acts as a color space label (much like the existing `sRGB` chunk), specifying the color space to which the pixels within the PNG file conforms. The `iCCN` chunk (much like the existing `iCCP`) contains en embedded color profile.
```

I would move the following to the definition of each of the two chunks:

`Both of these new chunks SHALL come before the `IDAT` chunk. `

## Strawman approach

Two new PNG chunks are proposed, the `cICP` chunk and the `iCCN` chunk.

> The `cICP` chunk acts as a color space label (much like the existing `sRGB` chunk), specifying the color space to which the pixels within the PNG file conforms. The `iCCN` chunk (much like the existing `iCCP`) contains en embedded color profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cICP` chunk acts as a color space label (much like the existing `sRGB` chunk), specifying the color space to which the pixels within the PNG file conforms. The `iCCN` chunk (much like the existing `iCCP`) contains an embedded color profile.
```
